Update the Notification documentation to introduce the placeholder keywords. (#1951)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/notifications/explanation/recipient-lookup/_index.en.md

When sending a notification through Altinn, the sender can provide the contact details (email or SMS).
Additionally, Altinn uses a set of registries to retrieve contact details if the sender has not provided them for a recipient.

__The Contact and Reservation Register (Kontakt- og reservasjonsregisteret)__

Altinn maintains a local copy of this register, which can be used to retrieve
name and contact details when the recipient is identified by their national identity number.

[Read more about the Contact and Reservation Register here](https://eid.difi.no/en/privacy-policy/privacy-policy-common-contact-register-krr).

__The Notification Addresses for Businesses (Varslingsadresser for Enheter)__

Altinn also maintains a local copy of this register, 
which can be used to retrieve name and contact details when the recipient is identified by their organization number.

[Read more about the Notification Addresses for Businesses here](https://www.brreg.no/en/other-topics/notification-addresses-to-apply-in-public-administration/?nocache=1704206499405).

__Altinn user profile__

End users can register their preferred contact details for notifications related to organizations

> in their Altinn profile. These contact details can be used when the recipient is identified by their organization number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in their Altinn profile. These contact details can be used when the notification recipient is identified by an organization that the user can represent.
```

Author: This paragraph is updated.
